hey guys today I'm going to show you how
you can make the skirt
okay so first what you're going to want
to do is start cutting about a
centimeter and a half above where you
how long you want it to come down so I
brought my I cut above the stretchy part
online so then when I warder on my waist
it would have kind of like a waistline
next we're gonna you're going to want to
do is pin down the bat about that
centimeter and a half behind the skirt
like on the inside so then your fabric
doesn't fray okay so next all you have
to do is so over the pinned area so yeah
just go over that so then you don't have
any fraying on the outside or any rough
lines
alright so this is the skirt I hope you
guys enjoyed if you have any questions
just leave them in the comments below
and I'll try to answer them thanks for
watching bye